UAE visa requirements for Gambian citizens/Dubai visa from Gambia: There are many reasons why Gambian travelers come to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) including its booming economy, luxurious lifestyle and modern infrastructure. Before going to the UAE, it is important to know about the UAE visa requirements.

Visitors from Gambia are subject to the UAE visa requirements for Gambian citizens, which may change from time to time depending on the bilateral relationship between their home country and the Emirate United Arab Emirates. So, understanding these requirements in advance can help avoid any inconvenience during migration. There are several types of UAE visas for Gambian citizens; they have different requirements and processing times.

Dubai visa for Gambian citizens - How to get a UAE e visa from Gambia?

UAE Immigration Services's purpose is to provide detailed information on UAE e visa requirements for Gambian citizens, the UAE visa fees and services available, as well as how to apply for a UAE visa online from Gambia as easily and quickly as possible. Let's get started!
Let's Check UAE Visa Requirements For Gambian Citizens
Gambia is not on the list of UAE visa-exempt countries, therefore a valid UAE visa is REQUIRED for Gambian passport holders to enter the United Arab Emirates as well as Dubai
Gambian citizens must have a valid passport lasting at least six (06) months in order to visit the United Arab Emirates, as well as a valid UAE visa.
Gambian citizens can apply for a UAE visa in several ways
UAE visas must be obtained before Gambian nationals arrive in the UAE, which is done at the nearest UAE embassy or consulate
Applying for a UAE e visa for Gambian citizens online through our website using a valid Gambian passport and some basic documents required.
Documents required to apply for a UAE visa for Gambian citizens
According to the official regulations of the UAE Government, to apply for a UAE visa for Gambian visitors, it is necessary to have:
A valid Gambian passport
A copy of Gambian passport biography first-page
Two (02) passport-sized photographs of Gambian applicants
A completed UAE visa application form

Check UAE e visa requirements for Gambian citizens online anytime you need
How To Apply UAE Visa For Gambian Citizens Online
Gambians should be aware that there are many different types of UAE e visa services and different UAE e visa requirements, so they need to understand these differences before proceeding. Obtaining a UAE e visa for Gambian citizens is relatively straightforward, and it can be done online. Gambians can apply for a UAE e visa from Gambia if they know which type of UAE visa they need for their trip.

Normally, there are three (03) types of UAE tourist e visas valid for 02 months that Gambian citizens will need:
30-day UAE e-Tourist visa
60-day UAE e-Tourist visa
90-day UAE e-Tourist visa
In fact, the UAE electronic visa has eliminated the need for international travelers to submit necessary documents and UAE visa applications directly at the UAE embassy/consulate. However, the UAE Government still requires scanned copies of the required documents to process the online UAE e visa application from Gambia.
In preparation for applying UAE e visa for Gambian citizens, please prepare the following documents
A recent photograph of a Gambian applicant which must be in color, it should be focused on your face, clean and crisp
Gambian passports must have full biographical information without missing any data or lines
Gambian applicant email address to receive your UAE e visa notification and results
Credit/Debit card of Gambian customers in use, to pay for your UAE visa service fees.
Gambian passport valid for at least six (06) months from the date of entry, with at least two (02) blank-pages for visa stamping.
Follow these simple steps correctly to apply online UAE e visa for Gambian citizens
Step 1 - Fill out the Gambian applicant's information in the online UAE visa application form including: full name, gender, date of birth, nationality, data passport

Step 2 - Double check all the information entered in the step above, then the Gambian applicant needs to make payment of the UAE e visa service fee, and click "Send". UAE Immigration Services may ask you for more information (if needed)

Step 3 - The result of UAE e visa for Gambian citizens approval (PDF file format) will be sent to your email box within 1 to 3 business days. Our website has built-in online check UAE visa status feature that allows Gambian customers to track the status of your UAE e visa application in real-time, at any time you want

Step 4 - After receiving the UAE electronic visa result via registered email, Gambian customers must print out your UAE e visa result and carry it with you at all times to be checked by the UAE Immigration officer upon arrival.

A support team at UAE Immigration Services is available 24/7 to serve Gambian customers who need assistance with the online UAE visa application process from Gambia, which usually takes only 10 - 20 minutes.

Apply for a UAE e visa for Gambian citizens online from anywhere in the world
Learn More About UAE Visa Types For Gambian Citizens Currently Available
Gambian visitors applying for UAE visas should begin the process well before their intended travel dates since the application processing time for each type of UAE visa for Gambian citizens varies.

UAE visas are currently available to Gambian citizens in various forms, however, only the UAE e-Tourist visa is available online to all countries.

To meet the diverse needs of the length of stay of Gambian customers, there are three (03) popular types of UAE e visa currently being offered including:
30-day stay UAE e visa
60-day stay UAE e visa
90-day stay UAE e visa
Learn All About UAE Visa Fees And Services For Gambian Citizens
Gambian citizens who wish to enter the United Arab Emirates for short-term sightseeing or entertainment purposes can obtain a UAE e visa, which is an electronic travel permit.
About UAE e visa fee for Gambian citizens
The amount payable when Gambian customers apply for UAE e visa includes: UAE Government fee collected by UAE Immigration Department to process UAE visa application, and UAE visa service fee charged by UAE Immigration Services.

Gambian customers can optionally choose the appropriate payment method and pay the UAE e visa fee for Gambian citizens here
Travelers from Gambia can find out more details about UAE visa service costs here.

In addition, the UAE e visa fee for Gambian applicants will also vary depending on the UAE visa type and UAE visa service option chosen.
About UAE e visa services for Gambian citizens
Currently, UAE Immigration Services provides three (03) options of UAE e visa service for Gambian citizens, with varying costs depending on the needs of Gambian customers.
Normal UAE e visa service option
Used in most cases, this is the most basic and popular UAE visa service option for Gambian tourists who want to get their UAE eTourist visa within 03 working days.
Urgent UAE e visa service option
Used in some special cases, this UAE visa service option is for Gambian citizens who want to get their UAE eVisa urgently within 02 business days.
Super Urgent UAE e visa service option
Also known as Rush UAE e visa, used in cases of emergency. This is the fastest and most expensive UAE visa service option for Gambian customers who need a UAE electronic visa within 24 business hours.

Travelers can apply for the Rush UAE e visa for Gambian citizens here.

Find out everything about UAE e visa fees & services for Gambian citizens
Consider purchasing UAE Travel Insurance together when applying for a UAE e visa for Gambian citizens
Important notice: UAE Travel Insurance with COVID-19 coverage is recommended for UAE e visa approval by the United Arab Emirates Government. Visitors from Gambia can see more UAE travel health insurance information here.

UAE Immigration Services offer UAE Travel Insurance with COVID-19 coverage only US$299/person to Gambian customers by applying for a UAE e visa through our website without providing any other information.
Currently, the UAE embassy has not yet been established in Gambia
Consequently, Gambian citizens may apply for UAE visas at the UAE embassies or consulates nearest to them.

The opening hours of the UAE embassy offices are from 9:00 to 16:00, from Monday through Friday.
Important Note About UAE/Dubai Electronic Visa For Visitors From Gambia
Always remember that Gambian customers need to download and print out their UAE electronic visa, then bring it with them to show the UAE Immigration officers upon arrival.

The Gambian passport used to apply for the UAE electronic visa must be valid for at least six (06) months from the date of registration.

Overstaying penalties in the United Arab Emirates will be standardized beginning October 14, 2022. So, an additional penalty fee will be charged to Gambian visitors who overstay the validity of their UAE e-Tourist visa in Dubai as well as the United Arab Emirates.

Gambian tourists may be banned from entering the United Arab Emirates for a certain period of time if they violate UAE visa regulations.

Feel free to contact us anytime you need assistance or want to find out detailed information about the UAE e visa for Gambian citizens, UAE Immigration Services will always be ready to assist you with all we have. Finally, we wish our Gambian customers a perfect trip to the United Arab Emirates as well as Dubai!
